README.md, before:

# AI Game of the Day

AI Game of the Day is an experiment to see how AI can be used to automate the creation of low cost, customized, learning experiences, that are accessible. It isn’t about "one game” right now, its about building a framework that can create consistently fun learning expereinces. And through a history of daily games, document that evolution.

Every morning, the system automatically generates a new learning game for kids. Each one costs less than 10 cents to create, is instantly deployed live, and stores creation metatdata(model, prompt, and process) so the evolution of the games can be observed over time as I update the prompts, workflow, and models.

### Features
	•	Daily Games – A fresh AI-generated learning game every morning.
	•	Traceability – Metadata includes the model, prompt, and process for every game.
	•	Cost Efficiency – Each game is generated for pennies.
	•	Accessibility – Supports learners who benefit from nontraditional approaches.
	•	Archive & Hall of Fame – Browse past games and see next level favorites.


Play today's game, and all the daily games.
[Try It Here](https://kbo4sho.github.io/ai-game-of-the-day/)

Commit message:

Update README, enhance game generation script, and improve game functionality
- Revised README for clarity and accessibility of the AI Game of the Day project.
- Updated game generation script to change the theme from "machines" to "drones" and added detailed win/loss conditions in the game prompt.
- Enhanced functionality testing script to expand the scoring system and include checks for win/loss conditions and UI text spacing.
- Improved game files to ensure proper UI layout and accessibility, including adjustments to the drawing functions for player and NPCs.
- Refactored game logic to maintain clear win/loss conditions and ensure no overlapping text in the UI.

README.md, after:

# AI Game of the Day

AI Game of the Day is an experiment to explore how AI can automate the creation of low cost customized accessible learning experiences. The focuse isn't on "one game” right now, its about building a framework that can automatically create consistently fun learning expereinces.
Every morning, the system automatically generates a new customizable learning game for kids. Each one costs less than 10 cents to create, and consits of generation, enahancement, and accessiblity steps. Each is instantly deployed live, and stores creation metatdata(model, prompt, and process) so the evolution of the games can be observed over time as the prompts, workflow, and models are updated.

### Features
	•	Daily Games – A fresh AI-generated learning game every morning.
	•	Traceability – Metadata includes the model, prompt, and process for every game.
	•	Cost Efficiency – Each game is generated for pennies.
	•	Accessibility – Supports learners who benefit from nontraditional approaches.
	•	Archive & Hall of Fame – Browse past games and see next level favorites.


You can play today's game and all the past daily games.
[Try It Here](https://kbo4sho.github.io/ai-game-of-the-day/)
